README.md, before:

# matlon GmbH


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

As a kid, whenever someone asked what I wanted to be when I grew up, I’d
always say, ‘an inventor.’ Starting October 23, 2024, I’ll be
documenting an old project every day. So stay tuned and follow me as the
website grows!

- 2024-11-02: [Dino Stampf Deep
  Learning](.\10_andri.ipynb#dino-stampf-deep-learning) Pre-LLM AI
  generated pseudo-Swiss German lyrics
- 2024-11-01: [VisualMix, 2022](.\10_andri.ipynb#visualmix) Mix and
  arrangement of a song visualized
- 2024-10-31: [gschichtefritz.ch current, 2023
  -](.\10_andri.ipynb#gschichtefritz.ch-current) Shop and App backend
- 2024-10-30: [gschichtefritz.ch legacy, 2009 -
  2023](.\10_andri.ipynb#gschichtefritz.ch-legacy) CRM, shop, CD burner
  automation, accounting, and more
- 2024-10-29: [Gschichtefritz App, 2020
  -](.\10_andri.ipynb#gschichtefritz-app) Gschichtefritz audiobook
  player app for iOS and Android
- 2024-10-28: [Gschichtefritz, 2009 -](.\10_andri.ipynb#gschichtefritz)
  Audio stories with songs for children
- 2024-10-27: [Ohr, 1992 - 1994](.\10_andri.ipynb#ohr) Ear trainer for
  musicians
- 2024-10-26: [WiiMIDIi, 2007 - 2008](.\10_andri.ipynb#wiimidii) Using a
  Nintendo Wiimote for guitar motion sensing and converting
  accelerometer data to MIDI
- 2024-10-25: [Teltax, 1995 - 1999](.\10_andri.ipynb#teltax) Dial-In
  modem costs calculator and splitter
- 2024-10-24: [Patient, 1991 - 1994](.\10_andri.ipynb#patient) was the
  first program I wrote to be used productively: A patient management
  software for my mom.
- 2024-10-23: [PublicSecrets, 1997 -
  2007](.\10_andri.ipynb#publicsecrets) was a mix of social networking
  and productivity platform. <br><br><br><br>

Commit message:

added project: running wheel tracker

README.md, after:

# matlon GmbH


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

As a kid, whenever someone asked what I wanted to be when I grew up, I’d
always say, ‘an inventor.’ Starting October 23, 2024, I’ll be
documenting my projects. So stay tuned and follow me as the website
grows!

- 2024-11-16: [Running Wheel
  Tracker](.\10_andri.ipynb#running-wheel-tracker) Pet cage upgraded for
  the IoT era
- 2024-11-14: [Andri’s CV](.\11_andri_cv.ipynb) Joyfully bound to the
  endless journey of learning
- 2024-11-10: [Anelec, 1985-1990](.\10_andri.ipynb#anelec) My first
  company at the age of 12
- 2024-11-08: [WhatsAppChatConverter,
  2024-](.\10_andri.ipynb#whatsappchatconverter) My father asked me how
  he could print his WhatsApp chat history with my late brother. I had
  to realize that this was not possible, and there was no useful free
  tool to archive or print a chat in a nice format. So, I wrote one.
- 2024-11-04: [batGPT, 2024-](.\10_andri.ipynb#batgpt) Write assessment
  reports for assistive technologies using AI
- 2024-11-03: [Brainwaver: Pink Noise,
  2013](.\10_andri.ipynb#brainwaver-pink-noise) Nothing but binaural
  pink noise to get into the flow and focus
- 2024-11-02: [Dino Stampf Deep Learning,
  2017](.\10_andri.ipynb#dino-stampf-deep-learning) Pre-LLM AI generated
  pseudo-Swiss German lyrics
- 2024-11-01: [VisualMix, 2022](.\10_andri.ipynb#visualmix) Mix and
  arrangement of a song visualized
- 2024-10-31: [gschichtefritz.ch current, 2023
  -](.\10_andri.ipynb#gschichtefritz.ch-current) Shop and App backend
- 2024-10-30: [gschichtefritz.ch legacy, 2009 -
  2023](.\10_andri.ipynb#gschichtefritz.ch-legacy) CRM, shop, CD burner
  automation, accounting, and more
- 2024-10-29: [Gschichtefritz App, 2020
  -](.\10_andri.ipynb#gschichtefritz-app) Gschichtefritz audiobook
  player app for iOS and Android
- 2024-10-28: [Gschichtefritz, 2009 -](.\10_andri.ipynb#gschichtefritz)
  Audio stories with songs for children
- 2024-10-27: [Ohr, 1992 - 1994](.\10_andri.ipynb#ohr) Ear trainer for
  musicians
- 2024-10-26: [WiiMIDIi, 2007 - 2008](.\10_andri.ipynb#wiimidii) Using a
  Nintendo Wiimote for guitar motion sensing and converting
  accelerometer data to MIDI
- 2024-10-25: [Teltax, 1995 - 1999](.\10_andri.ipynb#teltax) Dial-In
  modem costs calculator and splitter
- 2024-10-24: [Patient, 1991 - 1994](.\10_andri.ipynb#patient) was the
  first program I wrote to be used productively: A patient management
  software for my mom.
- 2024-10-23: [PublicSecrets, 1997 -
  2007](.\10_andri.ipynb#publicsecrets) was a mix of social networking
  and productivity platform. <br><br><br><br>
